so guys this is gamer boy 1102 with my
first video yay okay
this is just a me video yay black screen
okay let's zoom in and okay here we go
this is my friend Alan well he doesn't
really look like that but oh yeah this
is a human version of Amy rich from
Sonic the Hedgehog this is just a
character my friend made up it's from a
book that she's writing everywhere this
is my friend Becca this is my best
friend Chrissy she had two old accounts
pirate lover 12:30 194 as well I was
truly hard at 12:31 94 but she closed
both of them this is my friend Connor
another character from my from Percy's
book she's writing this is the girl I
like her name is Cynthia very pretty
this is my mom just like anything like
me but this one survives on the
Caribbean this is my babysitter Erin she
kind of looks like that
not really but yeah she she made it
herself so you know this is my friend's
dad this is such William from a
character that my friend from a book of
my friends writing Louisiana from Naruto
that's me
well I'm really not that short but you
get for sure everybody sees me about me
being short then a character from a
friend from a book my friends writing my
friend Jenna you should have a crush on
her my friend's brother Ben that's my
dad
you see the resemblance struck a charge
on your shirt
see don't you wonder off anyway I'm
sorry about that
that's it another character from the
flip my friends writing sorry about
always that's my friend I used to have a
crush on here too but then I decided
that senior like me and I do accept that
anyway this is a character my friend
made my friend some BS you know the girl
I like
anyway she is supposed to be her guitar
but I don't know how it listen to it
Chrissy is teacher my friend may need
you my friend's mom other friend's mom
walk away from Naruto bad but then she's
like I think she'd like a drink shadow
from Sharla Hedgehog supersonic from
Sonic the Hedgehog teen jeff spell
character somewhere in Paris
really man Elizabeth on from - Caribbean
and streams up Williams one type of
urban friend ISA and my friend Zack well
thanks for watching
sorry if this is a little fuzzy or
anything anyway I have to go and I'll
accept any friend request look I see yes